.TH NFSDIAG 8 "2026-07-07" "nfsdiag 0.22.0" "System Administration"
.SH NAME
nfsdiag \- NFS server diagnostic tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nfsdiag
\fBclient\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fIserver\fR
.br
.B nfsdiag
\fBclient\fR \fB\-\-hosts\-file\fR \fIFILE\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.br
.B nfsdiag
\fBserver\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.br
.B nfsdiag
\fBdiff\fR \fIbefore.json\fR \fIafter.json\fR
.br
.B nfsdiag
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \fIserver\fR (deprecated alias for \fBnfsdiag client\fR)
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B nfsdiag
diagnoses NFS problems from both sides of the wire. The
.B client
subcommand tests NFS servers from the client side, identifying network, RPC,
protocol, permission, and performance issues across multiple exports.
It performs a layered diagnostic: network port reachability, RPC service
discovery, export enumeration, mount cascade (NFSv4.2 \(-> 4.1 \(-> 4 \(-> 3),
filesystem diagnostics (read/write, ACLs, locks, benchmarks, special files,
xattrs, delegations), and finally RPC statistics comparison.
.PP
The
.B server
subcommand runs on the NFS server itself and audits its configuration.
.PP
Results are printed in real time to stdout and can also be emitted as JSON,
HTML, NDJSON, Prometheus text, or an evidence bundle for archiving or ticket
attachments.
.PP
Calling
.B nfsdiag
without a subcommand still runs the client diagnostics as a deprecated alias
for
.BR "nfsdiag 0.22.0" ,
printing a warning on stderr. The alias will be removed in 1.0.
.SH "CLIENT OPTIONS"
Options for \fBnfsdiag client\fR (and the deprecated no\-subcommand alias).
.SS "Diagnostic options"
.TP
.BR \-e ", " \-\-export " " \fIPATH\fR
Test only the export at \fIPATH\fR. Repeatable (up to 64 paths) to test a
chosen subset. Useful for NFSv4-only servers that hide the mountd export list.
.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-mount\-options " " \fIOPTS\fR
Extra mount options passed verbatim to
.BR mount (8).
.TP
.B \-\-no\-mount
Run network and RPC checks only; skip all mount and filesystem tests.
.TP
.B \-\-dry\-run
Print what would be done; skip actual mounts and filesystem tests.
.TP
.B \-\-read\-only
Skip write, benchmark, and creation tests. Only runs read-side diagnostics.
.TP
.BI \-\-uid " UID"
Simulate access as \fIUID\fR. Repeatable. Requires root or CAP_SETUID.
.TP
.BI \-\-gid " GID"
Override the GID for the last \fB\-\-uid\fR entry.
.TP
.BI \-\-groups " G1,G2,..."
Supplemental GIDs for the UID/GID simulation.
.TP
.B \-\-krb5
Check Kerberos prerequisites: valid ticket (\fBklist -s\fR), rpc-gssd running.
Additionally attempts mounts with \fBsec=krb5\fR, \fBsec=krb5i\fR, and
\fBsec=krb5p\fR to report which flavors the server accepts.
.TP
.BI \-\-parallel " N"
Test up to \fIN\fR exports concurrently (1-32) in forked workers. Default: 1.
.TP
.B \-\-sweep
After the main tests, benchmark several rsize/wsize/nconnect combinations on a
working export and recommend the best-performing mount options. Also enabled
by \fB\-\-profile performance\fR.
.TP
.B \-\-diff\-baseline
Compare this run's summary with the last saved run for the host (stored under
\fI$XDG_DATA_HOME/nfsdiag\fR or \fI~/.local/share/nfsdiag\fR), report
regressions, then update the baseline.
.TP
.B \-\-udp
Also probe RPC NULLPROC over UDP.
.TP
.B \-\-ipv4\-only
Force IPv4 for all direct TCP connectivity checks.
.TP
.B \-\-ipv6\-only
Force IPv6 for all direct TCP connectivity checks.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-nfs4\-discovery
Disable the NFSv4 pseudo-root \fB/\fR fallback when mountd returns an empty
export list.
.TP
.B \-\-mount\-namespace
Run mounts in a private mount namespace via
.BR unshare (1).
Requires root or CAP_SYS_ADMIN. Prevents mounts from leaking into the global
namespace.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-mount\-namespace
Disable the automatic private mount namespace normally attempted for live mount
tests when running as root.
.TP
.B \-\-dangerous\-fs\-tests
Enable symlink, hardlink, FIFO, and device-node creation probes. These are useful
for diagnostics but are intentionally opt-in for production exports.
\fB\-\-deep\fR is an alias.
.TP
.B \-\-allow\-risky\-mount\-options
Permit risky mount options such as \fBexec\fR, \fBsuid\fR, and \fBdev\fR.
Without this flag those options are rejected before mounting.
.TP
.BI \-\-profile " NAME"
Apply a preset. Valid values: \fBquick\fR, \fBsafe\fR, \fBfull\fR,
\fBperformance\fR, \fBsecurity\fR, \fBreadonly\fR.
A profile sets defaults only; any explicit option given on the command line
overrides the profile regardless of where it appears relative to
\fB\-\-profile\fR.
.TP
.BI \-\-hosts\-file " FILE"
Read one host per line from \fIFILE\fR and run diagnostics for each. Lines
starting with \fB#\fR are comments.
.TP
.BI \-\-peer " HOST[:PORT]"
Correlate with a peer \fBnfsdiag server \-\-listen\fR exporter (default port
9100). The client samples the server's metrics before and after its run and
prints a \fBpaired:\fR verdict locating the bottleneck (server, network, or
client).
.TP
.BI \-\-watch " SEC"
Re-run diagnostics every \fISEC\fR seconds until interrupted with Ctrl-C.
Clears the terminal between iterations.
.TP
.BI \-\-on\-fail\-exec " SCRIPT"
Execute \fISCRIPT\fR when any test fails. Receives environment variables
\fBNFSDIAG_HOST\fR, \fBNFSDIAG_LEVEL\fR, \fBNFSDIAG_FAIL_COUNT\fR,
\fBNFSDIAG_WARN_COUNT\fR. Called through a resolved trusted path with a minimal
environment, never via a shell.
.TP
.BI \-\-config " FILE"
Load options from \fIFILE\fR before parsing the remaining CLI arguments.
Format: \fIkey\fR = \fIvalue\fR, one per line. CLI flags override the config file.
.SS "Timeout options"
.TP
.BI \-\-timeout " SEC"
Timeout in seconds for network and RPC connect operations. Default: 5.
.TP
.BI \-\-command\-timeout " SEC"
Timeout for mount and umount commands. Default: 30.
.TP
.BI \-\-fs\-timeout " SEC"
Timeout for each filesystem test group. Default: 30.
.TP
.BI \-\-delay\-ms " MS"
Delay in milliseconds between testing each export (rate limiting). Default: 0.
.SS "Benchmark options"
.TP
.BI \-\-bench\-bytes " BYTES"
Size of the read/write benchmark file, 1 to 1073741824 (1 GiB).
Default: 4194304 (4 MiB). Zero is rejected; use \fB\-\-bench\-iterations 0\fR to
skip the benchmark.
.TP
.BI \-\-bench\-iterations " N"
Number of iterations for the metadata latency benchmark. Default: 10.
\fB0\fR disables the throughput/latency benchmark.
.TP
.BI \-\-bench\-type " TYPE"
Benchmark engine. Valid values: \fBinternal\fR (default), \fBfio\fR.
.TP
.BI \-\-stale\-iterations " N"
Number of stat/readdir iterations in the ESTALE probe loop. Default: 100.
\fB0\fR disables the ESTALE probe.
.SS "Output options"
.TP
.BI \-\-json[= PATH ]
Emit a structured JSON report to \fIPATH\fR. Use \fB\-\fR or omit for stdout.
.TP
.BI \-\-html[= PATH ]
Emit a self-contained HTML report to \fIPATH\fR. Use \fB\-\fR or omit for stdout.
.TP
.BI \-\-output\-dir " DIR"
Write a bundle containing JSON, HTML, evidence text, and SHA256 checksums.
.TP
.BI \-\-output\-format " FMT"
Set the terminal output format. Valid values:
.RS
.TP
.B text
Default. Real-time tagged lines ([OK], [WARN], [FAIL], [INFO]).
.TP
.B table
Summary table using box-drawing characters at end of run.
.TP
.B ndjson
Newline-delimited JSON: one event object per line as events are generated.
.TP
.B prometheus
Emit metrics in OpenMetrics/Prometheus text format at end of run.
.TP
.B junit
Emit JUnit XML for CI pipelines (fail \(-> failure, warn \(-> skipped).
.RE
.TP
.BI \-\-listen " [ADDR:]PORT"
Serve Prometheus metrics over HTTP. Binds to \fB127.0.0.1\fR unless \fIADDR\fR
is given (the exporter has no authentication, so exposing it is an explicit
decision; IPv6 literals need brackets: \fB[::1]:9100\fR). Diagnostics re-run
every \fB\-\-watch\fR seconds (default 60); the latest snapshot is served
between runs. Metrics are returned for \fBGET /metrics\fR (and \fB/\fR); other
paths return \fB404\fR and non-GET methods return \fB405\fR.
.TP
.B \-\-keep\-temp
Do not delete the temporary mount workspace after tests complete.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Show all diagnostic steps, including INFO-level events.
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-quiet
Suppress all human stdout (banner, per-check lines, interpretation and the
\fBsummary:\fR line) in every output format. Structured reports requested with
\fB\-\-json\fR/\fB\-\-html\fR, \fB\-\-output\-format\fR or \fB\-\-output\-dir\fR are
still written to their destinations, including stdout when the destination is
\fB\-\fR.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print \fBnfsdiag \fIVERSION\fR and exit 0.
.TP
.B \-\-self\-test
Validate local dependencies and pure helper checks, then exit.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show usage summary and exit 0.
.SH "SERVER OPTIONS"
Options for \fBnfsdiag server\fR, which runs on the NFS server itself.
At least one check must be selected.
.SS "Checks"
.TP
.B \-\-all
Run every server check.
.TP
.B \-\-daemons
Check the kernel nfsd, \fBrpcbind\fR, \fBrpc.mountd\fR, \fBrpc.statd\fR,
\fBrpc.idmapd\fR and \fBgssproxy\fR/\fBrpc.svcgssd\fR, plus the program
registrations in the local rpcbind.
.TP
.B \-\-exports\-audit
Audit the exports file: flag syntax errors, exports without a client list,
and risky options such as \fBno_root_squash\fR, \fBinsecure\fR, and
read\-write exports to any host.
.TP
.B \-\-ports\-firewall
Check TCP listeners on ports 2049 and 111, report the dynamic
mountd/statd/lockd ports, and run a best\-effort firewalld/nftables rule
check.
.TP
.B \-\-storage\-health
For each export: directory exists, space and inode usage (warning above 90%),
and the filesystem type, warning about types that break NFS (tmpfs,
overlayfs, NFS re\-export).
.TP
.B \-\-version\-matrix
Report the NFS versions enabled in \fI/proc/fs/nfsd/versions\fR, the NFSv4
lease and grace times, and the maximum block size.
.TP
.B \-\-sysctl\-advisor
Detect nfsd thread starvation from the \fBth\fR histogram in
\fI/proc/net/rpc/nfsd\fR and check network buffer tunables, with
recommendations.
.TP
.B \-\-security\-audit
Deep exports analysis beyond syntax: \fBsubtree_check\fR,
\fBinsecure_locks\fR, \fBall_squash\fR without \fBanonuid\fR,
\fBsec=sys\fR, duplicate paths, and nested exports without
\fBcrossmnt\fR.
.TP
.B \-\-idmap\-check
Validate \fI/etc/idmapd.conf\fR: the NFSv4 domain against the host's DNS
domain (mismatches map users to nobody) and the Nobody\-User mapping.
.TP
.B \-\-krb5\-server
Server\-side Kerberos validation: keytab presence and permissions,
\fBnfs/\fR principal, default realm, gss daemons, and NTP
synchronization.
.TP
.B \-\-acl\-check
Verify POSIX ACL support on the filesystem under each export with a
non\-destructive xattr probe.
.TP
.B \-\-squash\-check
Mount each export from localhost, create a file as root and report the
effective identity mapping. Intrusive (mounts and writes); not included in
\fB\-\-all\fR; requires root.
.TP
.B \-\-rpc\-stats
Analyze \fI/proc/net/rpc/nfsd\fR: reply\-cache hit rate, bad RPC calls (auth
failures or malformed requests), and packet/byte traffic.
.TP
.B \-\-locks
Summarize held locks by type from \fI/proc/locks\fR, the NFSv4 lease and grace
times, and NLM/NSM (NFSv3 locking) registration.
.TP
.B \-\-clients
Inventory connected NFSv4 clients from \fI/proc/fs/nfsd/clients/\fR \(em minor
version and callback state \(em plus established TCP connections on 2049.
.TP
.B \-\-client\-states
Count NFSv4 opens, locks, delegations and layouts held per client, flagging
clients that leak file handles or hoard delegations.
.TP
.B \-\-latency\-profile
eBPF latency histogram of nfsd read/write/commit operations. Needs a build
configured with \fB./configure \-\-enable\-ebpf\fR and root (CAP_BPF). Samples
for \fB\-\-duration\fR seconds. Not part of \fB\-\-all\fR.
.TP
.B \-\-per\-client\-trace
eBPF per-client nfsd operation count and average latency, reading the client
address from the RPC request. Same requirements as \fB\-\-latency\-profile\fR.
.TP
.B \-\-backend\-bench
Write/read benchmark of the storage under each export, establishing the raw
disk ceiling to separate a storage bottleneck from an NFS/network one.
Intrusive; not part of \fB\-\-all\fR.
.TP
.B \-\-capture
Capture NFS traffic on port 2049 with \fBtcpdump\fR (needs root) for
\fB\-\-duration\fR seconds; if \fBtshark\fR is present, summarize it.
.TP
.BI \-\-duration " SEC"
Sampling window for \fB\-\-latency\-profile\fR, \fB\-\-per\-client\-trace\fR and
\fB\-\-capture\fR. Default: 10.
.TP
.B \-\-ha\-check
Validate a high-availability setup: exports missing an explicit \fBfsid=\fR,
whether \fI/var/lib/nfs\fR is on shared storage, NFSv4 grace/recovery, and
pacemaker NFS resources. Opt-in; not part of \fB\-\-all\fR.
.TP
.B \-\-ganesha\-check
Detect \fBnfs\-ganesha\fR (userland) versus the kernel \fBnfsd\fR, parse
\fI/etc/ganesha/ganesha.conf\fR (EXPORT blocks and FSALs), and detect a
container/Kubernetes environment.
.TP
.B \-\-log\-intel
Scan the systemd journal (\fBjournalctl\fR) or \fI/var/log/messages\fR under
\fB\-\-root\fR for known nfsd/mountd/statd/kernel problem signatures and report
each match with a suggested fix.
.TP
.B \-\-rmtab\-audit
Detect stale \fI/var/lib/nfs/rmtab\fR entries (count 0) and orphaned NSM
(\fIsm/\fR) monitors that cause \fBsm\-notify\fR storms at boot.
.TP
.B \-\-memory\-pressure
Assess memory pressure relevant to NFS: MemAvailable against the reply cache
and dentry/inode caches, plus \fBvm.*\fR tunables.
.SS "Check options"
.TP
.BI \-\-exports\-file " FILE"
Exports file to audit. Default: \fI/etc/exports\fR.
.TP
.B \-\-audit\-trail
With \fB\-\-output\-dir\fR, capture copies of the exports file,
\fInfs.conf\fR, \fIidmapd.conf\fR and \fIkrb5.conf\fR plus a
\fICONFIG.SHA256SUMS\fR manifest for incident evidence.
.SS "Output options"
.TP
.BI \-\-root " DIR"
Read \fI/proc\fR and \fI/etc\fR under \fIDIR\fR instead of the live system \(em
for example an extracted sosreport. Checks that need the live system
(rpcbind dump, firewall tools, statvfs) are skipped with an explanation.
.TP
.BI \-\-json[= PATH ]
Emit a structured JSON report to \fIPATH\fR. Use \fB\-\fR or omit for stdout.
.TP
.BI \-\-html[= PATH ]
Emit a self-contained HTML report to \fIPATH\fR. Use \fB\-\fR or omit for stdout.
.TP
.BI \-\-output\-format " FMT"
Terminal output format: \fBtext\fR (default), \fBtable\fR, \fBndjson\fR,
\fBprometheus\fR, \fBjunit\fR.
.TP
.BI \-\-output\-dir " DIR"
Write a bundle containing JSON, HTML, evidence text, and SHA256 checksums.
.TP
.BI \-\-watch " SEC"
Re-run the selected server checks every \fISEC\fR seconds until interrupted.
.TP
.BI \-\-listen " [ADDR:]PORT"
Serve Prometheus server metrics (nfsd threads, DRC, RPC, clients, locks) over
HTTP. Binds \fB127.0.0.1\fR unless \fIADDR\fR is given; refreshes every
\fB\-\-watch\fR seconds (default 60). \fBnfsdiag server \-\-output\-format
prometheus\fR prints the same gauges once to stdout.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Show all diagnostic steps, including INFO-level events.
.TP
.BR \-q ", " \-\-quiet
Suppress human stdout.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print \fBnfsdiag \fIVERSION\fR and exit 0.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show usage summary and exit 0.
.SH "EXIT CODES"
.TP
.B 0
No warnings or failures were recorded.
.TP
.B 1
At least one warning or failure was recorded.
.TP
.B 2
Usage error or runtime failure (bad arguments, missing dependencies, unusable
temporary workspace).
.PP
The code reflects the highest severity accumulated across the whole run, not the
outcome of a single check. It is independent of the output format
(\fB\-\-json\fR, \fB\-\-output\-format\fR, etc. do not change it). With
\fB\-\-no\-mount\fR only the pre\-mount network/RPC/export checks contribute. With
\fB\-\-parallel\fR the per\-export results from every worker are merged before the
code is computed, so a failure in any export yields 1. The \fBdiff\fR subcommand
returns 1 when the second report has more warnings or failures than the first
(a regression), 0 otherwise, and 2 when either summary cannot be parsed.
.SH "STDOUT SUPPRESSION"
Human stdout (banner, per\-check lines, interpretation, \fBsummary:\fR) is emitted
only for the \fBtext\fR and \fBtable\fR formats. Machine formats (\fBndjson\fR,
\fBjunit\fR, \fBprometheus\fR) and \fB\-\-json=\-\fR/\fB\-\-html=\-\fR emit only the
structured document on stdout. \fB\-\-quiet\fR removes the human stdout in all
cases while still writing any requested report to its destination.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.TP
.B TMPDIR
Directory under which the temporary mount workspace is created. Default: \fB/tmp\fR.
Must be owned by the current user and not world-writable unless owned by the
current user.
.TP
.B PATH
Ignored for helper execution. nfsdiag resolves helper commands from trusted
system directories and runs them with a minimal environment.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /proc/net/rpc/nfs
RPC call statistics captured before and after mount tests.
.TP
.I /proc/self/mountstats
Per-operation NFS latency and timeout statistics parsed after each mount.
.TP
.I /proc/self/mountinfo
Effective mount options (hard/soft, noatime, nconnect, etc.) verified after mount.
.TP
.I /proc/fs/nfsfs/servers
NFS server information (protocol version, active mount count, hostname).
.TP
.I /proc/self/mountstats
NFSv4 delegation activity (DELEGRETURN operations) parsed after each mount.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Basic diagnostics against a single server:
.B nfsdiag client 192.168.1.100
.TP
Test a specific export only:
.B nfsdiag client --export /data 192.168.1.100
.TP
Simulate access as a non-root user:
.B nfsdiag client --uid 1000 --gid 1000 192.168.1.100
.TP
Generate JSON and HTML reports:
.B nfsdiag client --json=report.json --html=report.html 192.168.1.100
.TP
Generate an evidence bundle:
.B nfsdiag client --output-dir ./nfsdiag-report 192.168.1.100
.TP
Use a safe read-only profile:
.B nfsdiag client --profile safe 192.168.1.100
.TP
Compare two JSON reports:
.B nfsdiag diff before.json after.json
.TP
Display results as a summary table:
.B nfsdiag client --output-format=table 192.168.1.100
.TP
Monitor an export every 60 seconds:
.B nfsdiag client --watch 60 192.168.1.100
.TP
Diagnose multiple servers from a file:
.B nfsdiag client --hosts-file /etc/nfs-servers.txt --json=audit.json
.TP
Alert on failure via a custom script:
.B nfsdiag client --on-fail-exec /usr/local/bin/alert.sh 192.168.1.100
.TP
Stream events as NDJSON for log pipelines:
.B nfsdiag client --output-format=ndjson 192.168.1.100 | jq 'select(.level=="fail")'
.TP
Expose metrics for Prometheus scraping:
.B nfsdiag client --output-format=prometheus 192.168.1.100
.SH "SEVERITY"
Each diagnostic emits one of four levels. \fBok\fR means the check completed and
the result is expected. \fBinfo\fR is context that needs no action, including
optional services that are absent on a server profile where that is normal (for
example mountd or NLM on an NFSv4\-only server) and per\-version negotiation
steps. \fBwarn\fR marks a condition that may degrade behaviour but did not stop
the diagnostic, such as a missing optional capability or a soft mount. \fBfail\fR
marks a check that could not succeed, for example no reachable RPC service, an
export that could not be mounted with any NFS version, or a write/permission
error after mount. Only \fBwarn\fR and \fBfail\fR affect the exit code. Severity
is chosen for the detected server profile, so failing one version of a cascade
is reported as \fBinfo\fR while the single inability to mount with any version is
the \fBfail\fR.
.SH "SECURITY"
.B nfsdiag
is designed to be run as root for full NFS mount access. When running as root,
mount operations use a private mount namespace by default when possible to avoid
polluting the global namespace. Host, export path, and mount options are
validated before network or mount activity. Risky mount options require
\fB\-\-allow\-risky\-mount\-options\fR, and unusual filesystem probes require
\fB\-\-dangerous\-fs\-tests\fR. External helper commands are resolved from trusted
directories and executed with a minimal environment.
.PP
Diagnostic mounts use \fBvers=<n>,nosuid,nodev,noexec\fR. The hardening flags
block setuid binaries, device nodes and execution from an untrusted server and
are dropped only with \fB\-\-allow\-risky\-mount\-options\fR. \fBtimeo\fR and
\fBretrans\fR keep the kernel defaults and the mount stays \fBhard\fR; a wedged
mount is bounded by a killable per\-export worker and \fB\-\-command\-timeout\fR
rather than by a \fBsoft\fR mount, which could turn server stalls into
application I/O errors. \fBro\fR is not forced because nfsdiag tests writes;
pass \fB\-\-read\-only\fR to skip all writes.
.PP
Unless \fB\-\-read\-only\fR, \fB\-\-dry\-run\fR or \fB\-\-no\-mount\fR is given,
nfsdiag writes inside each mounted export: it creates and removes test files for
the write/benchmark, metadata\-latency, advisory\-lock, ACL, root\-squash and
special\-filename checks, and a per\-run temporary directory. All such paths are
created under names that include a per\-run random component and are opened with
\fBO_CREAT|O_EXCL|O_NOFOLLOW\fR, so a pre\-existing file or symlink at the same
path is never opened, truncated or removed; only files nfsdiag created are
cleaned up. The local temporary workspace is created with \fBmkdtemp\fR(3) at
mode 0700 and validated for ownership. Report files are opened with
\fBO_NOFOLLOW\fR and mode 0600 to prevent symlink\-based overwrites. XDR strings
from the server are sanitised for control characters before display. The tool
performs no destructive operations on existing server data; use
\fB\-\-read\-only\fR (or the \fBsafe\fR/\fBreadonly\fR profiles) to mount without
creating anything.
.SH "JSON COMPATIBILITY"
The JSON report carries \fBschema_version\fR (currently \fB2.0\fR) and is
described by a JSON Schema installed at
.IR \%/usr/share/doc/nfsdiag/nfsdiag.schema.json
(also in the source tree at \fIdocs/nfsdiag.schema.json\fR). Within a 1.x series
the major schema version is stable: existing fields keep their name, type and
meaning, and new optional fields may be added. Field removals or type changes
bump the major schema version. Human\-readable text, message ordering and event
wording are not part of the contract and may change between releases.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR mount.nfs (8),
.BR exportfs (8),
.BR rpcinfo (8),
.BR nfsstat (8),
.BR mountstats (8)
.SH "AUTHORS"
Leandro Ferreira <leandrodsferreira@gmail.com>
.br
Website: https://www.nfsdiag.org
.br
Source: https://github.com/lsferreira42/nfsdiag
